adding docs for HoldingStandard, freezing of account, and Lockable an… (#487)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/daml-finance/concepts/asset-model.rst

and/or :ref:`transferable <transferability>`.

When, for instance, a holding is transferable, the ownership can be transferred to a different party
at the same custodian.

These properties are exposed by letting a holding template implement the corresponding interfaces
(:ref:`Fungible <type-daml-finance-interface-holding-fungible-fungible-60176>` and
:ref:`Transferable <type-daml-finance-interface-holding-transferable-transferable-24986>`,
respectively).

The library distinguishes 4 types of holdings, referred to as holding standards, namely:

1. :ref:`Fungible <constr-daml-finance-interface-types-common-types-fungible-13449>`: Holdings that are fungible only.
2. :ref:`Transferable <constr-daml-finance-interface-types-common-types-transferable-57758>`: Holdings that are transferable only.
3. :ref:`TransferableFungible <constr-daml-finance-interface-types-common-types-transferablefungible-24744>`: Holdings that are both transferable and fungible.
4. :ref:`BaseHolding <constr-daml-finance-interface-types-common-types-baseholding-37772>`: Holdings that are neither transferable nor fungible.

.. _implementations-1:

Interfaces
==========

> Holding interfaces are defined in the ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Holding`` package, and consists of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Holding interfaces are defined in the ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Holding`` package, that consists of
```

custodian and we have (at least in principle) the right to claim them back from the custodian at any
given time.

.. _holding-standards:

Holding Standards
=================

A holding implementation can have specific properties such as being :ref:`fungible <fungibility>`
and/or :ref:`transferable <transferability>`.

When, for instance, a holding is transferable, the ownership can be transferred to a different party
at the same custodian.

These properties are exposed by letting a holding template implement the corresponding interfaces
(:ref:`Fungible <type-daml-finance-interface-holding-fungible-fungible-60176>` and
:ref:`Transferable <type-daml-finance-interface-holding-transferable-transferable-24986>`,
respectively).

> The library distinguishes 4 types of holdings, referred to as :ref:`Holding Standard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The library distinguishes four types of holdings, referred to as :ref:`Holding Standard
```

<type-daml-finance-interface-types-common-types-holdingstandard-38061>`\s, namely:

1. `Fungible`: Holdings that are fungible only.
2. `Transferable`: Holdings that are transferable only.
3. `TransferableFungible`: Holdings that are both transferable and fungible.
4. `BaseHolding`: Holdings that are neither transferable nor fungible.

Interfaces
==========

> Holding interfaces are defined in the ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Holding`` package, that consists of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Holding interfaces are defined in the ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Holding`` package. It consists of
```

the holding interfaces :ref:`base <module-daml-finance-interface-holding-base-24195>`,
:ref:`transferable <module-daml-finance-interface-holding-transferable-88121>`, and
:ref:`fungible <module-daml-finance-interface-holding-fungible-63712>`.

.. _implementations-1:

Implementations
===============

> In ``Daml.Finance.Holding``, we provide implementations for each holding standard:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``Daml.Finance.Holding`` provides implementations for each holding standard:
```

The account can be created with arbitrary
:ref:`controllers <type-daml-finance-interface-account-account-controllers-36430>`

> (for incoming and outgoing transfers). In our examples, we typically let accounts be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(for incoming and outgoing transfers). The examples typically let accounts be
```

Author: changed it to: "Our examples typically let accounts be .."

the former acting as ``owner`` and the latter as ``custodian``.

Finally, the Retail Client is ``owner`` of a
:ref:`transferable and fungible holding <module-daml-finance-holding-transferablefungible-77726>` at
the Commercial Bank (i.e., the ``custodian`` in the contract). The holding references the currency

> instrument, as well as the account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
instrument and the account.
```
